# BGT
Web_System_Development
BGT is a application which allows users to visit the „Anastasie Fătu” botanical garden from Iasi in a virtual manner. The name of the project stands for "Botanical Garden Tour" and the main purpose for the application is to help people from everywhere to visit the botanical garden from Iasi. BGT is a web service-oriented application, which allows users to make a virtual tour of the botanical garder based on a purchased ticket. The user is able to take part of a virtual tour, to read information about the plants present in the greenhouse, about the soil in which they are planted, historical information about the origin of the plants, the age and the environment where they can grow. Users can also offer suggestions on what they want to see or what information they would like to know and at the same time be aware of all the ads.

Application story

BGT is an application which allows the users to access more information about the exhibits from the „Anastasie Fătu” botanical garden. The login is based on the QR code present on the ticket previosly purchased. The users can be anyone who has the application downloaded on their phone and has a purchased ticket. The users that do not have a ticket purchased can access only the Announcements and the Newsletter tabs. In order for the user to receive the needed information, the user has to do a picture to the label of every exhibits that he want to know more about. The information will be displayed in the Details tab. On the Review & Suggestions tab, he can express his opinion about the experience he had within the application. If he wants to be up to date on everything that will happen, he has to subscribe on the Newsletter. All users have the option the see the information both in english and romanian.
